Name 5 items you bought but regretted buying and never used.
If you were a boy/girl (of the opposite sex), would you make out with yourself?
Describe the most embarrassing moment of your life.
Have you ever stuck chewing gum under a desk?
Which one do you think is better – tests or essays?
Have you ever eaten a meal by yourself? Where and why?
If you had to go to one class for the rest of your life, what class would you choose it to be?
If you wanted to make out with your guy/girl on campus, where would you do it?
Have you ever gotten into a fistfight on school grounds?
Have you ever fallen asleep while a class was on?
Have you ever been suspended or gotten detention? Why?
If you had the chance, would you sneak a peek in the other gender locker room?
Have you ever been publicly humiliated? Explain what happened.
What was the strangest dream you had?
Which celebrity would you like to swap lives with for a month?
Which feature do you get complimented on the most? Do you like it?
Name one thing that you would never do even if you were offered all the money in the world.
Among all the people in the room, who would you agree to date?
Among all the people in the room, who would you never date?
What is that one characteristic or quality that you would like to change about you?
Have you ever fallen out of love? Did you break up after that?
What is the craziest thing that has happened to you in a public place?
Describe the most annoying experience you had at a mall.
What is the meanest thing you have said to someone?
Have you ever considered cheating on your partner?
Have you ever lied to your partner, saying that you feel sick, to avoid an intimate moment?
What is a rumor or gossip you repeated about someone but found out was incorrect?
What was the most disgusting practical joke you ever played on someone?
Have you ever peed in a pool? If yes, was it a private or a public pool?
What was the stupidest thing you have done in front of a crowd?
What is the first thing you would do if you got invisible?
Have you ever been hit on by someone of the same sex? If yes, what happened? How did you react?
If you were marooned on a deserted island with one person, who would you like it to be?
What is the stupidest thing you have said to your partner while being intimate?
Have you ever picked your nose absent-mindedly and then eaten it?
Who in this room has the hottest body?
What is your deepest, darkest fear?
Describe your first kiss.
Who is the sexiest person in this room?
What is your biggest regret in life?
Who has the nicest butt in this room?
Have you ever been cheated on or cheated someone?
Have you ever made out with someone in this room?
What are the things you are self-conscious about?
When was the last time you peed in your bed? What age?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told? Who did you tell it to?
Name a person you regret kissing.
What is the naughtiest thing you have done in public? With whom?
What is that one thing most people think is true about you, but isn’t?
What is the naughtiest thing you have gotten away with?
What is a childish thing you still do?
Have you ever let someone else take the blame for something you have done?
What is that something that people think you would never do, but you actually have?
Did you ever have an encounter with a police officer?
What is a silly thing you are emotionally attached to?
Name the strangest place you have peed.
Have you ever crapped in your pants after growing up?
What was the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
Why did you break up with your last partner?
What is the grossest thing that your partner does?
Name a terrible thing you have done that you lied to cover up.
Did you love someone who didn’t love you back?
What is something that you have never told anyone?
Describe the most disgusting habit you have.
What videos and pictures of you exist that you wish didn’t?
What was the cruelest practical joke you played on a friend?
What is the most embarrassing post you have put up on Facebook or Instagram?
Describe one bad thing you have done that no one else knows about.
Describe the most awkward romantic encounter you have ever had.
What is the grossest food item you have put in your mouth?
Tell us the most embarrassing nickname you have ever had.
Describe your most recent lust/love encounter in detail.
What is the stupidest thing you have done for a boy?
What is one thing you really hope your parents never find out about you?
Tell us something you don’t want anyone to know.
Describe one thing you have done that people present here would judge you for doing?
What was the last thing you searched for on Google?
Have you ever dropped a piece of food, then picked it up off the ground and ate it?
Have you ever played board games with your parents?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
Of all the people in this world, who do you want to trade your life with?
What are the things you think about while sitting on the toilet?
Did you have an ‘imaginary’ buddy while growing up?
Did you ever cover your eyes during a gory part in a movie?
Have you ever practiced kissing while looking in a mirror?
Did your parents ever try to give you “the talk”?
Name your most annoying worst habit.
If you could be an animal, which one would you be and why?
What’s something you like about yourself?
What is your dream job?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
What’s the best thing you’ve ever eaten?
If you had $1,000 what would you buy?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
What was the best day of your life?
If you could switch places with someone for one day, who would you choose?
Which Disney character would you be?
What is something you’re afraid of?
What is your pet peeve?
Do you have a special talent?
Are you a cat person or dog person?
If you only had two minutes to get out of your house, what would you grab?
If you could choose a new name for yourself, what would it be?
What would be your 3 wishes if you had a genie?
What makes you happy?
Who here has the best voice?
Did you ever drink before you were of the legal drinking age?
What is the craziest thing you have done while under the influence?
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone web browser?
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyone to read, which would you choose?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
After you’ve dropped a piece of food, what’s the longest time you’ve left it on the ground and then ate it?
Have you ever tasted a booger?
What’s the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?
If someone heard you snoring, would they say it’s obnoxiously loud?
Have you ever peed in a pool full of people?
Who do you think is the worst dressed person in this room?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
True or false? You have a crush on an elderly person?
What is the largest amount of food you’ve eaten in one sitting?
Of the people in this room, who do you want to trade lives with for one day?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
What is the most embarrassing situation you’ve ever been a part of?
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?
Do you cover your eyes during a scary part in a movie?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
What, if any, sport do you absolutely hate against popular opinion?
Did your parents ever give you the “birds and the bees” talk?
What is your guilty pleasure that you never tell anyone?
What is your worst or most embarrassing habit?
Has anyone ever walked in on you when taking a dump in the bathroom?
Have you ever had a major wardrobe malfunction while in public?
Have you ever accidentally walked into a wall or building?
Do you pick your nose when you’re alone?
How much older of an individual would you enter a relationship with?
Do you pee in the shower?
Have you ever peed yourself at school before?
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
Have you ever farted loudly in class or another social setting?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
What is your guilty pleasure?
You’re in a public restroom and just pooped, then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
What would be in your web history that you’d be embarrassed if someone saw?
Have you ever tried to take a sexy or naked picture of yourself?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal or something else for comfort?
Do you drool in your sleep?
Do you talk in your sleep?
Who are you secretly attracted to?
Do you think kittens are cute?
Who do you like the least in this room and why?
What does your dream boy or girl look like?
What is your go-to song for the shower?
Who is the sexiest person in this room?
How would you rate your looks on a scale of 1 to 10?
Would you rather have sex with [insert name] in secret or not have sex with that person but everyone thinks you did?
What things do you not like about me?
What color and kind of underwear are you wearing right now?
What song do you enjoy in privacy?
What was the last thing you texted someone of the opposite sex?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind from this room, who would it be?
Have you ever accidentally revealed a friends secret?
Do you think that you and your current girlfriend or boyfriend will ever be married?
How often do you wash your undergarments?
Have you ever tasted ear wax?
Have you ever farted and then blamed someone else?
Have you ever tasted your sweat?
What is the most illegal thing you’ve ever done?
Who is your favorite person in you immediate family?
Would you trade your sibling in for a million dollars if there were no other consequences?
Would you trade in your dog for a million dollars?
What is your biggest pet peeve that other people do?
If you were to join the military what job do you think you’d enjoy the most ?
If you were allowed to marry more than one person, would you? Who would you choose to marry?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds only in your stomach?
Would you choose to save 100 people without anyone knowing about it or not save them but have everyone praise you for it?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you lost one day of your life every time you said a swear word, would you try not to do it?
Who in this room would be the worst person to date? Why?
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?
What was your favorite childhood video game?
If someone offered you $1 million dollars to break up with your girlfriend/boyfriend, would you do it?
If you were reborn, what decade would you want to be born in?
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
Has your boyfriend or girlfriend ever embarrassed you?
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?
If you could suddenly become invisible, what would you do?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
What is your favorite alcoholic beverage?
Have you ever waved at someone thinking they saw you when really they didn’t? What did you do when you realized it?
What’s the longest time you’ve stayed in the bathroom, and why did you stay for that long?
What’s the most unflattering school picture of you?
Have you ever cried because you missed your parents so much?
Do you prefer a bath or a shower? Why?
Would you rather be caught picking your nose or picking a wedgie?
Describe the strangest dream you’ve ever had. Did you like it?
Have you ever posted something on social media that you regret?
What is your biggest and most irrational fear?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
Do you sing in the shower?
Have you ever ding dong ditched someone?
What is something you have done that has made you really proud?
The world ends next week and you can do anything you want (even if it’s illegal). What would you do?
Would you wear your shirt inside out for a whole day if someone paid you $100?
What salad dressing could you drink out of the bottle?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
How far would you go to land the guy or girl of your dreams?
If you had to choose would you rather have a broken arm or a broken leg and why?
Tell us about a time you embarrassed yourself in front of a crush.
Have you ever kept a library book?
Who is one person you pretend to like, but actually don’t?
What children’s movie could you watch over and over again?
Do you have bad foot odor?
Do you have any silly nicknames?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
How many pancakes have you eaten in a single sitting?
Have you ever accidentally hit something with your car?
If you had to make out with any Disney character, who would it be?
Have you ever watched a movie you knew you shouldn’t?
Have you ever wanted to try LARP (Live Action Role-Play)?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something? If so, what was it?
What is the most food you’ve eaten in a single sitting?
What is the single most painful experience of your life?
Do you dance when you’re by yourself?
Would you have voted for or against Trump?
What song on the radio do you sing with every time it comes on?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you own a pair of footie pajamas?
What is the meanest thing you’ve ever said to someone?
Are you scared of the dark?
What ‘As seen on TV’ product do you secretly want to buy?
Do you still take bubble baths?
If you were home by yourself all day, what would you do?
How many selfies do you take a day?
Would you date your high school crush today?
What is something you’ve done to try to be ‘cooler’?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
How often do you wear the same outfit in a week?
Have you ever used self tanner?
What is your favorite breed of dog?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
Do you have a security blanket?
Do you still have something you have cherished from childhood?
Have you ever eaten something off the floor?
Have you ever butt-dialed someone?
Do you like hanging out with your parents?
Do you prefer staying up late or going to bed early?
Have you ever got caught doing something you shouldn’t?
What part of your body do you love and which part do you hate?
Have you ever had lice?
Have you ever pooped your pants?
What was the last rate-R movie you watched?
What is your favorite type of ice cream?
Do you lick your plate?
What is something that no one else knows about you?
Have you ever stolen anything?